Update Repeatable textstrings (#2904)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Getting-Started/Backoffice/Property-Editors/Built-in-Property-Editors/Multiple-Textbox/index.md

        </ul>
    }
}
```

## Add values programmatically

See the example below to see how a value can be added or changed programmatically. To update a value of a property editor you need the [Content Service](../../../../../Reference/Management/Services/ContentService/index.md).

```csharp
@{
    // Get access to ContentService
    var contentService = Services.ContentService;

    // Create a variable for the GUID of the page you want to update
    var guid = new Guid("32e60db4-1283-4caa-9645-f2153f9888ef");

    // Get the page using the GUID you've defined
    var content = contentService.GetById(guid); // ID of your page

    // Set the value of the property with alias 'keyFeatureList'

>     content.SetValue("keyFeatureList", "Awesome" + Environment.NewLine + "Super");

Reviewer: `Environment.NewLine` - I'm not familiar with this - is that what you need to add between all the text strings added, like, in order to separate them?

Author: @sofietoft Yes. To add multiple values to the repeatable textstrings property editor you have to put each value on a new line. So basically: `Awesome \r\n Super \r\n Nice` . `Environment.NewLine` does this for you.` \r\n` for non-Unix platforms, or `\n` for Unix platforms. See the Microsoft docs as well https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.environment.newline?view=net-5.0 Does this make sense?

Reviewer: Ah! Yes, that makes perfect sense 😎 

Should we perhaps add a little note below the code snippet, about that? 🤔

Author: @sofietoft Sounds good to me, I added a note 😎

        </ul>
    }
}
```

## Add values programmatically

See the example below to see how a value can be added or changed programmatically. To update a value of a property editor you need the [Content Service](../../../../../Reference/Management/Services/ContentService/index.md).

```csharp
@{
    // Get access to ContentService
    var contentService = Services.ContentService;

    // Create a variable for the GUID of the page you want to update
    var guid = new Guid("32e60db4-1283-4caa-9645-f2153f9888ef");

    // Get the page using the GUID you've defined
    var content = contentService.GetById(guid); // ID of your page

    // Set the value of the property with alias 'keyFeatureList'
    content.SetValue("keyFeatureList", "Awesome" + Environment.NewLine + "Super");

    // Save the change
    contentService.Save(content);
}
```

:::note

> To add multiple values to the repeatable textstrings property editor you have to put each value on a new line. You can of course also use \r\n\ instead of Environment.NewLine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add multiple values to the repeatable text strings property editor you have to put each value on a new line. This can be achieved using either `\r\n\` or `Environment.NewLine`.
```
